c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.exe
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerG.970477D5.Up2Date
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\clickerGame.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.pdb
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.deps.json
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.pdb
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\clickerGame.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assets\karimryde-scaled-400x400.png
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assets\mikaelbergstrom-scaled-400x400.png
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\programmering 1\clicker game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.exe
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assets\karimryde-scaled-400x400.png
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assets\mikaelbergstrom-scaled-400x400.png
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.deps.json
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.dll
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.pdb
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerG.970477D5.Up2Date
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.dll
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\clickerGame.dll
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.pdb
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\clickerGame.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.exe
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assets\karimryde-scaled-400x400.png
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assets\mikaelbergstrom-scaled-400x400.png
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.deps.json
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.pdb
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerG.970477D5.Up2Date
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\clickerGame.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.pdb
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\clickerGame.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\clickerGame.dll
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\karimSave.txt
c:\Users\lukas.schnell\Documents\GitHub\clicker-game\clickerGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\mickeSave.txt
